{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31506\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang3081\deflangfe3081\themelang3081\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}
{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\f38\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f50\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f413\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f414\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f416\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f417\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f418\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f419\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f420\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f421\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\f423\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\f424\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}
{\f426\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}{\f427\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\f428\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\f429\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\f430\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\caccentone\ctint255\cshade191\red47\green84\blue150;}{\*\defchp 
\f31506\fs22\lang3081\langfe1033\langfenp1033 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f31506\fs22\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sl259\slmult1\keep\keepn\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31503\afs32\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs32\cf19\lang3081\langfe1033\loch\f31502\hich\af31502\dbch\af31501\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \slink15 \sqformat \spriority9 \styrsid10235880 heading 1;}{\s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb40\sl259\slmult1
\keep\keepn\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31503\afs26\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs26\cf19\lang3081\langfe1033\loch\f31502\hich\af31502\dbch\af31501\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext0 \slink16 \sunhideused \sqformat \spriority9 \styrsid10235880 heading 2;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f31506\fs22\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af31503\afs32 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs32\cf19\loch\f31502\hich\af31502\dbch\af31501 \sbasedon10 \slink1 \slocked \spriority9 \styrsid10235880 Heading 1 Char;}{\*\cs16 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af31503\afs26 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs26\cf19\loch\f31502\hich\af31502\dbch\af31501 \sbasedon10 \slink2 \slocked \spriority9 \styrsid10235880 Heading 2 Char;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid10235880}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1
\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author Joe Stephen}{\operator Joe Stephen}{\creatim\yr2022\mo5\dy25\hr23\min6}{\revtim\yr2022\mo5\dy25\hr23\min7}{\version1}{\edmins1}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords1895}{\nofchars10802}{\nofcharsws12672}{\vern47}}
{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot10235880\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notbrkcnstfrctbl\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal \nouicompat \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sl259\slmult1\keep\keepn\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10235880 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31503\afs32\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs32\cf19\lang3081\langfe1033\loch\af31502\hich\af31502\dbch\af31501\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31503 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10235880 \hich\af31502\dbch\af31501\loch\f31502 Creating a code plug for the GD-77
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb40\sl259\slmult1\keep\keepn\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10235880 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31503\afs26\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs26\cf19\lang3081\langfe1033\loch\af31502\hich\af31502\dbch\af31501\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31503 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10235880 \hich\af31502\dbch\af31501\loch\f31502 OpenGD77 Instructions by Ian Spencer DJ0HF v2.7A     24.10.2020

\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10235880 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f31506\fs22\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 
{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10235880 With these instructions I want to help you create a code-plug for your GD-77.
\par We are going to create a basic code-plug but it will have everything in it that you will normally need but before we begin it\rquote s important to have everything ready that you are going to need to put into the code plug.
\par Firstly your call-sign and your DMR ID
\par There will be one channel for each repeater or hot-spot you want to include in the code-plug. So for each repeater or hot-spot you will need the transmit and receive frequencies,
 the colour code for each repeater.  For a hot-spot this will normally be colour code 1. You will also have to set the default Time-Slot for each repeater or hot-spot. For a hot-spot it will normally be TS2 and you can normally also use this for most repe
aters as it\rquote 
s only the default and you can always select the other time-slot using the keypad of the GD-77 and finally a default Talk-Group again not critical as you can change it using the GD-77 keypad, I recommend TG9 which is already in the default code-
plug which we load at the start.
\par 
\par You will also have to decide which Talk-Groups you want to put in the Code-plug. The default code plug you are modifying already has one talk-group configured TG9 (local). Which additional talk-groups you choose to include
 is up to you but as a suggestion if you live in the UK TG2350 the UK National Talk-Group and then TG2351, TG2352 and TG2353 the three main UK chat Talk-Groups and perhaps one of the local talk-groups for Scotland, North of England etc. depending on where
 you live, TG91 for the World wide talk group  and as a blind ham you might want to include TG31679 the Blind Ham Talk-Group and for lots of activity provided you are on the Brandmeister network TG23526 the Hub Net Talk Group, it\rquote 
s usually very busy but I don\rquote t think it is available on the DMR+ or Phoenix networks. If you are using a hotspot then you don\rquote 
t have a problem because you can choose to connect to any of the networks that you want. Speech quality on Hub net varies greatly simply because people are 
being transcoded onto it from many different sources including older FM repeaters, echo-link and many others but as I say you will hear lots of activity.
\par So let\rquote s get down to creating your own personal code plug.
\par Set the focus to your desktop and type a until you find your AccessibleGD77CPS short cut on the desktop and hit Enter to start the program running.
\par Type Alt+f 
\par and then cursor down twice and you will be focused on the Open menu element
\par now type default into the edit box and hit enter
\par if you get a message saying file not found then hit enter to close the error box and 
\par type Alt+cursor up
\par followed by shift+tab 
\par then hit d until you find desktop 
\par then hit enter
\par Now hit g and then enter
\par now hit the space bar and then enter.
\par Type Alt+s and the settings menu will open
\par  now hit d and the focus will be on DMR ID and Callsign
\par so now hit enter and a new window will open and the focus will be on Call sign which at the moment contains GD77. 
\par Type your Call-sign  (Remember to use Capitals for the letters) and then hit tab. The focus is now on the edit field where you enter your DMR ID and it contains 1 as a default, so now type your DMR ID
\par  and then close this window by typing Ctrl+F4.
\par Type Alt+s and the settings menu will open
\par  hit C and you are on Contact
\par  then hit Enter
\par  followed by cursor down once. 
\par You are now on Digital contacts so hit Enter. The Contact Window will  open with the list of contacts, at the moment the list only has 1 contact in it (Talk group 9) so hit tab to change the focus to the Add button.
\par Now hit Enter to create a new contact and a new window will open and you will be positioned on the Edit Name field.
\par  Now type the name you want to give to this contact, for example TG2350, 
\par then hit tab to change the focus to the Call ID and type the talk-group number in this example 2350
\par  and then Ctrl+F4 to close the window.
\par You are not back on the Add button so if you want to create another contact just hit enter and go through the procedure of entering the name and Talk Group again.
\par When you have created all the contacts that you want to be in your Code-Plug then type Ctrl+F4 to close the contacts window. But for the GD77 to be able to use them they have to be put into a TG List.
\par Type ALT+s
\par  and then t to get to TG Lists
\par  and then hit Enter. 
\par You are now on the TG List Window and the Focus is on Name please leave this as TG List 1 and we are now going to move the cont
acts you created into the TG List so now hit tab which will move you to the Add button. The first contact that is TG9 is already in the list so now hit enter for each contact you want to add. So for example if you added 4 contacts then hit the Enter key 4
 times or if it was 3 contacts then 3 times. 
\par Type Ctrl+F4 and you are done the list is complete.
\par Remember this has created a basic number of talk groups for you to have in your code plug, if at a later date you want to add contacts/talk groups then you can
 repeat this procedure but remember when you are on the Contact list cursor down the correct number of times to get to your new entries so that you can enter the talk group name and number and then add them to the TG list.
\par Now we need to create your channels you will need one for each repeater or hot spot you want to use as described earlier.
\par Type Alt+s
\par and then hit c twice and you should be on the channels list there is only one channel in the list but unlike the contacts/talk groups it is not pre-configur
ed so you will need to modify it as the first channel that is repeater or hot spot you want to use. 
\par Now hit Enter and a new window will open.
\par Now hit tab once and you are on the Add button.
\par There is already one channel in the list and so if you want 4 cha
nnels then hit the Enter key  then type Ctrl+F4 and repeat these two steps 3 times or for example if you want 3 channels then repeat the steps twice. It depends on the number of channels you want to initially create. You can always add channels later if y
ou want to.
\par  Now hit Tab once to move to the first channel in the list and to set it up for your repeater or hot spot hit space and a new window will appear Hit tab and you are on the first dialog box and it says either analog or digital so if necessary use
 the cursor up and down keys to change to the mode you want analog or digital that\rquote 
s dmr  Now hit tab and you are on the name edit field so type the name you want to give this channel (max 16 characters)  then hit tab once and you are on the Receive freque
ncy so type the receive frequency for this channel in the form 3 digits for Mhz then a point and then up to 5 digits for the Khz/Hz but you don\rquote 
t have to type 5 digits so for example 434.1Mhz you would type 434 hit the full stop and then just type the 1 followed by tab to the next field. Don\rquote t worry if you get an error message saying receive and transmit on different bands as we haven
\rquote t set the transmit yet. You are now on the Power Level field and can leave it at Master as you can change it later on the GD
77 but if you know you always want to use a particular power for this channel you can use the up and down cursor to select the power level you want.
\par  then tab again and you are now on the Transmit Frequency Edit field so type the transmit frequency just as you did for the receive. If you are using a simplex hot spot then it will be the same as the receive frequency.
\par If you are setting up an analog FM channel then skip down these instructions to the analog section, if it is a digital DMR channel then hit tab exactly 6 times to skip over the fields we don\rquote 
t want to change and you should be on Repeater slot where you can use the up and down cursor keys to select time slot 1 or 2, for a hotspot you will normally always use time slot 2 then tab once to get to TG 
List and the name of the list is TG List 1. So for a digital channel you shouldn\rquote 
t need to change it. Now hit tab to the colour code dialog field and then hit cursor up till you reach the colour code you want so for example if you want colour code 1 just hit the up cursor once.
\par Type Ctrl+F4 to close this window
\par 
\par Next channel
\par Now hit Tab to take you to the first channel in the list and then cursor down to the channel you now want to modify so once for the second channel in the list and modify it just as befo
re for your second repeater or hot-spot and then of course  for the 3rd channel after you have hit Tab to take you to the first channel in the list you will need to hit the down cursor twice and so on until you have configured all your channel. Once you h
ave done this then type Ctrl+F4 and you are finished with setting up all your channels.
\par Analog Channel
\par 
\par If you are setting up an Analog channel then you will be asked for different information so you need to tab 6 times to skip over the information we don\rquote t
 want to change and you should now be on the dialog box for Bandwidth, it should be set already to 12.5Khz for narrow band FM the standard used today for FM channels then hit tab once to go to the squelch settting and my advice is to leave it set to disab
l
ed and then you can control the squelch from the GD77. Then hit Tab again to go to  receive tone for the CTCSS or DCS tone. The default is none so if your FM repeater uses a sub audible tone then use the cursor down key to select the one you want.  Once y
ou have found the tone then hit Enter.
\par Now hit tab once and if you will now be on transmit tone, if you need to transmit a tone for this repeater then as for receive tone use the cursor down key just as for the receive tone to select the one you want and hit Enter.  Now you\rquote 
re finished so 
\par type Ctrl+F4 to close the channel information window just as you did for digital channel and go back up the instructions  \lquote next channel\rquote .
\par Now you are finished with creating all your channels but you need to put all of them into a zone. So type Ctrl+F4 to finish this section.
\par Now type Alt+s
\par followed by z to open the zones
\par followed by Enter and a new zone list window will open.
\par Hit tab once to get to the Add button and then hit Enter once for each channel you have created so if you now have 4 channels then hit Enter 4 times. Now your done so type Ctrl+F4 to close the window.
\par Congratulations your first code plug is complete and we just have to save it so type Alt+f
\par and then s for save and a new window will open in windows explorer it will already be pointing to
 your GD77BH folder and the name so just type a new name into edit field perhaps your call-sign or something similar and hit Enter. If this code plug already exists you will get a warning asking if you want to overwrite it so just type Alt+y.
\par Now type Alt+F4 to close the CPS program and a window will open asking if you want to save your code plug before exiting and as it\rquote s the code plug you have just saved it doesn\rquote 
t matter whether you just hit Enter or Ctrl+n if you want to say no. 
\par Now you are ready to go on to the procedure for uploading your code plug. 
\par Congratulations you have created your first code plug.
\par I asked you here to close the CPS program before beginning uploading your code plug because it\rquote s important that you connect your GD77 in the correct way as described in uploading your code plug before restarting the CPS program.
\par 
\par 
\par OpenGD77 Instructions by Ian Spencer DJ0HF v2.3     20.6.2020
\par Uploading your code plug to the GD77
\par First use your fingertip to pull down the rubber cover on the right hand si
de of the radio to expose the mic and earphone sockets. Plug one end of the programming cable into the mic and earphone sockets and the other end into a USB port on your computer.  Then turn the GD77 on in the normal way as if you were going to use it.

\par Set the focus to your desktop and type o until you find the OpenGD77CPS short cut and then hit Enter.
\par The CPS program will start and automatically retrieve the last code-plug you created so you don\rquote t have to search for it.
\par Type Ctrl+w and a new window will op
en asking if you want to overwrite the code plug and you are on the yes button so hit Enter because you want to upload the code plug. The writing of the code-plug will automatically start. Generally it takes about 20 or 30 seconds and when finished my com
puter give a burble sound. If unsure wait a couple of minutes.
\par 
\par Type Alt+F4 and a new window will open asking if you want to save the code plug before exiting, you are on the yes button and you can either hit enter to save and exit or tab to the no field and hit enter to exit without saving.
\par 
\par You can now turn off the radio and disconnect it from the computer, your code plug is now in the GD77 and ready to use.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10235880 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100b6f4679893070000c9200000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec59cd8b1bc915bf07f23f347d97f5d5ad8fc1f2a24fcfda33b6b164873dd648a5eef2547789aad28cc56208de532e81c026e49085bd
ed21842cecc22eb9e48f31d8249b3f22afaa5bdd5552c99e191c3061463074977eefd5afde7bf5de53d5ddcf5e26d4bbc05c1096f6fcfa9d9aefe174ce16248d
7afeb3d9a4d2f13d2151ba4094a5b8e76fb0f03fbbf7eb5fdd454732c609f6403e1547a8e7c752ae8eaa5531876124eeb0154ee1bb25e30992f0caa3ea82a34b
d09bd06aa3566b55134452df4b51026a1f2f97648ebd9952e9dfdb2a1f53784da5500373caa74a35b6243476715e5708b11143cabd0b447b3eccb3609733fc52
fa1e4542c2173dbfa6fffceabdbb5574940b517940d6909be8bf5c2e17589c37f49c3c3a2b260d823068f50bfd1a40e53e6edc1eb7c6ad429f06a0f91c569a71
b175b61bc320c71aa0ecd1a17bd41e35eb16ded0dfdce3dc0fd5c7c26b50a63fd8c34f2643b0a285d7a00c1feee1c3417730b2f56b50866fede1dbb5fe28685b
fa3528a6243ddf43d7c25673b85d6d0159327aec8477c360d26ee4ca4b144443115d6a8a254be5a1584bd00bc6270050408a24493db959e1259a43140f112567
9c7827248a21f056286502866b8ddaa4d684ffea13e827ed5174849121ad780113b137a4f87862cec94af6fc07a0d537206f7ffef9cdeb1fdfbcfee9cd575fbd
79fdf77c6eadca923b466964cafdf2dd1ffef3cd6fbd7ffff0ed2f5fff319b7a172f4cfcbbbffdeedd3ffef93ef5b0e2d2146ffff4fdbb1fbf7ffbe7dfffebaf
5f3bb4f7393a33e1339260e13dc297de5396c0021dfcf119bf9ec42c46c494e8a791402952b338f48f656ca11f6d10450edc00db767cce21d5b880f7d72f2cc2
d398af2571687c182716f094313a60dc6985876a2ec3ccb3751ab927e76b13f714a10bd7dc43945a5e1eaf579063894be530c616cd2714a5124538c5d253dfb1
738c1dabfb8210cbaea764ce99604be97d41bc01224e93ccc899154da5d03149c02f1b1741f0b7659bd3e7de8051d7aa47f8c246c2de40d4417e86a965c6fb68
2d51e252394309350d7e8264ec2239ddf0b9891b0b099e8e3065de78818570c93ce6b05ec3e90f21cdb8dd7e4a37898de4929cbb749e20c64ce4889d0f6394ac
5cd829496313fbb938871045de13265df05366ef10f50e7e40e941773f27d872f787b3c133c8b026a53240d4376beef0e57dccacf89d6ee8126157aae9f3c44a
b17d4e9cd131584756689f604cd1255a60ec3dfbdcc160c05696cd4bd20f62c82ac7d815580f901dabea3dc5027a25d5dcece7c91322ac909de2881de073bad9
493c1b9426881fd2fc08bc6eda7c0ca52e7105c0633a3f37818f08f480102f4ea33c16a0c308ee835a9fc4c82a60ea5db8e375c32dff5d658fc1be7c61d1b8c2
be04197c6d1948eca6cc7b6d3343d49aa00c9819822ec3956e41c4727f29a28aab165b3be596f6a62ddd00dd91d5f42424fd6007b4d3fb84ffbbde073a8cb77f
f9c6b10f3e4ebfe3566c25ab6b763a8792c9f14e7f7308b7dbd50c195f904fbfa919a175fa04431dd9cf58b73dcd6d4fe3ffdff73487f6f36d2773a8dfb8ed64
7ce8306e3b99fc70e5e3743265f3027d8d3af0c80e7af4b14f72f0d46749289dca0dc527421ffc08f83db398c0a092d3279eb838055cc5f0a8ca1c4c60e1228e
b48cc799fc0d91f134462b381daafb4a492472d591f0564cc0a1911e76ea5678ba4e4ed9223becacd7d5c16656590592e5782d2cc6e1a04a66e856bb3cc02bd4
6bb6913e68dd1250b2d721614c6693683a48b4b783ca48fa58178ce620a157f65158741d2c3a4afdd6557b2c805ae115f8c1edc1cff49e1f06200242701e07cd
f942f92973f5d6bbda991fd3d3878c69450034d8db08283ddd555c0f2e4fad2e0bb52b78da2261849b4d425b46377822869fc17974aad1abd0b8aeafbba54b2d
7aca147a3e08ad9246bbf33e1637f535c8ede6069a9a9982a6de65cf6f35430899395af5fc251c1ac363b282d811ea3717a211dcbccc25cf36fc4d32cb8a0b39
4222ce0cae934e960d122231f728497abe5a7ee1069aea1ca2b9d51b90103e59725d482b9f1a3970baed64bc5ce2b934dd6e8c284b67af90e1b35ce1fc568bdf
1cac24d91adc3d8d1797de195df3a708422c6cd795011744c0dd413db3e682c0655891c8caf8db294c79da356fa3740c65e388ae62945714339967709dca0b3a
faadb081f196af190c6a98242f8467912ab0a651ad6a5a548d8cc3c1aafb6121653923699635d3ca2aaa6abab39835c3b60cecd8f26645de60b53531e434b3c2
67a97b37e576b7b96ea74f28aa0418bcb09fa3ea5ea12018d4cac92c6a8af17e1a56393b1fb56bc776811fa07695226164fdd656ed8edd8a1ae19c0e066f54f9
416e376a6168b9ed2bb5a5f5adb979b1cdce5e40f2184197bba6526857c2c92e47d0104d754f92a50dd8222f65be35e0c95b73d2f3bfac85fd60d80887955a27
1c57826650ab74c27eb3d20fc3667d1cd66ba341e31514161927f530bbb19fc00506dde4f7f67a7cefee3ed9ded1dc99b3a4caf4dd7c5513d777f7f5c6e1bb7b
8f40d2f9b2d598749bdd41abd26df627956034e854bac3d6a0326a0ddba3c9681876ba9357be77a1c141bf390c5ae34ea5551f0e2b41aba6e877ba9576d068f4
8376bf330efaaff23606569ea58fdc16605ecdebde7f010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d65
2f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d36
3f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e
3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d985
0528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000000000000000000000
0000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000
000000300100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000000000000000000000000019020000
7468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100b6f4679893070000c92000001600000000000000
000000000000d60200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000
000000000000000000009d0a00007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000980b00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax376\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Mention;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hashtag;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Unresolved Mention;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Link;}}{\*\datastore 01050000
02000000180000004d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e500000000000000000000000020e0
d3713870d801feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}